Goals for the release tracker utility
----------------------------------------

1. Provide easy templates for project managers to create a release plan

    Automation of the Release Request Template creation

2. Comments on every screen/ Email updates for notifications related to any inserts or changes

3. Every comment/ Ticket/ Task is searchable.

4. Developer Views would contain 

    Details about Release/ Client / Task Id's with appropriate links
    Ability to send an email with packages for the release. The application has to keep a record of this

5. QA views should contain

    Ability to add comments after the build is updated or during the course of testing
    Daily updates for the client release to the team

6. Provide timely notices or emails to developers and project managers about upcoming deadlines based on the release plan

    Once the RRT is created and the Internal Plan per team is created 
    Reminder email just before the deadline approaches
    Email on when the build was uploaded
    Email on the QA sign off with comments
    Updates on completion of release with complete report of Tasks completed and Bugs fixed    

7. Provide dashboards for Release Managers, Project Managers and Developers for every release

    For Developers this would contain

    Packages sent for this client release
    Task ID's/ Change Orders/ Critical bugs for this release
    Bugs fixed
    Dates for UAT, DEV and Local releases
    Collection of release notes/ Documents 

    For Release Managers this would contain 

    List of clients ( Selectable and sortable )
    Release numbers ( viewable by date )
    DEV, UAT and LOCAL release dates
    Status  of that release ( Go/ No Go ? ) Comments for the same.
    Release exe version ( Link to the exe for later perusal )
    Release Notes/ Documents

    For Project/ Implementation Managers this would contain
        List of clients
        List of releases/
        Tickets/ Task ID's/ Bugs to be fixed
        Team Mates associated with them ( With the Organization Matrix )
        Release Notes/ Information/ UPD's  per release
        Details of QA's signoff with Documents or Notes
        Final Package list for that release ( With links to github uris )
        Release exe version ( Link to the exe for later perusal )

Sent from Evernote 
